DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"The Secret of Success!
[roar]
Oh no!
Juggernoid!
Not again!
Ha ha, you must like losing!
Let's see now, I beat you three times in a row,
Christopher!
Ya wanna make it an even four tomorrow?
I don't know...
Well...
My little friend here says you'll show up!
I hate losing...
Especially to you!
DAN'S DAD: Alrighty, let's see what's in the old refrigerator!
Ahh!
Pudding!
Dibs on the pudding!
Just what do you think you're doing, dear?
I was saving that for Dan when he gets home.
Ah please, hon?
And speaking of Daniel, just where is he?
DAN'S MOM: With his friends.
He should be back anytime now...
I miss the boy...
What the heck?
Earthquake!
Quick dear, let's get under a doorway!
Mom, dad, I'm home!
Oh yeah..nothing like a warm bath to start off the evening.
DRAGO: I'm not sure I enjoy this activity, Daniel.
Ah, just relax... We've got plenty of time to search for
Wyvern and the Infinity Core!
And besides, the next step is to get everyone's Bakugan
to evolve like you!
Every brawl from now on is gonna be tough..
That's why we all have gotta to be totally ready for anything
Masquerade throws at us!
DRAGO: You're right...
I concur a little sabbatical is in order.
I hope the rest of the Brawlers are gettin' a little
r and r.
As do I...
Wow!
Is this a house or a five star hotel!
You've got it made, Marucho!
I appreciate your parents letting me stay over..
After such a long flight, I need my beauty sleep!
Yes, well.. I'm sure you'll find your accommodations
most comfortable, Julie.
And remember, we need all the rest we can get for our
next few battles.
Me casa es su casa, me amigo Julie!
Wow!
This is my room!
Oh Julie, you and your ironic sense of humor..
This is your bathroom, silly!
Oh Right, the bathroom, I knew that.
SHUN: If Joe really is a spy then I need to find out!
RUNO: Heads up!
Two mocha grandes coming up!
It's so nice to have Runo back.. Our little girl
working at our little caf\u00e9...
Yes dear.. and if it wasn't for her,
this place would be a ghost town!
Oh, by the way, where's Alice?
She's out running a few errands.
I'm sure she'll be back in a while.
Hey, knock it off!
You'll always be number one with me, my little prescous!
You're embarrassing me, dad!
One, two, one, two, one, two...
What a beautiful day to be outside... Oh my..
Ah, an up and coming brawler..
I hate losing!
No!
Don't do it!
Stoppppp!
What the!
Oh no! Did I hurt you?
Hey whatcha do that for? Get me outta here!
He forced you to battle him everyday?
Yeah.. Travis did it because he was a mean old bully
and knew he'd win..
I'm a loser...
No you're not.
You were just in a bad situation,
that's all.. You just have to learn how to win at Bakugan.
That's easy for you to say because you're probably
good at it...
I've had enough of losing and I'm not gonna put up
with it anymore...
'Cause I'll never play Bakugan again.
Christopher...
Let me teach you to win!
I'm serious!
And you've got nothing to lose!
Think I could.. learn?
Still waiting for that refill!
Coming up!
You gave me the wrong change!
We're out of multi-bran soy muffins!
My coffee!
Sorry, I forgot...
Humans.. what a strange species...
That's it!
You better get here quick Alice, or else!
Hmm, let's see..
Not bad, Christopher.
CHRISTOPHER: Boy, I wonder if she even
knows how to play Bakugan?
You sure have some awesome Cards here, Christopher.
Wha?
Not a very big selection of Attack Cards but...
some descent Ability Cards that should get you through
almost any battle!
For example your Aquos Robotallian.
It has a low power level.
But, if you hook it up with the Trap Senses Command Card,
it'll trick your opponent big time!
And because you're a Aquos Attributed battler,
always remember this..
Always stick to your Aquos Abilities and I bet you'll
see a world of difference!
Yeaaahhhhh...
Man.. I never really thought there were so many ways to
battle in Bakugan before!
There are.. And it all depends on your choices..
If you put together the right power combinations,
you'll be surprised how good you can be!
Right.. Now I get it!
ALICE: Okay Christopher, I think it's time
for you to challenge Travis!
Huh?
But I.. I wouldn't know which Ability Card to throw down
or even when to throw it down, Alice...
Sorry, but those aren't my decisions to make...
They're up to you.
Up to.. me?
I can't and every time I've tried,
I've messed up and thrown down the wrong card.
You've gotta help me pick the right ones!
No way.. If you want to become the best Brawler,
you have to be play with confidence.
I don't think that could ever happen?
Your most important weapon is confidence..
More important than power..
We both know you love Bakugan..
Now you have to master the game..
But I'm not sure I can...
But I'll try.
Believe in yourself and before you know it you'll
fall in love with Bakugan all over again!
Ahh, yes, that's it!
Right there!
A little harder, oh yesss...
Ahhhh.. I could learn to like this... Ahhhhh....
DAN: Ah snap, how did I get myself into this situation?
I totally forgot!
Help! Help! I'm sinking!
Get me out of here!
Hurry!
So you came back for more punishment, huh Christopher?
And who's you're girlfriend?
Hi, my name's Alice..
And you might say
I'm Christopher's coach.
Real-ly?
Ah, who cares.
I'm still gonna whip the little pipsqueak's butt!
Ain't that right, kid!
Just remember, confidence...
This is boring, let's start!
Ahhhhhh...
It's okay...
Just believe in yourself.
Field Open!
Gate Card Set!
Ready or not, kid!
Alice, what Bakugan do I use?
I'm confused!
Hurry Alice, hurry!
Huh?
What's going on?
There's more Bakugan Battle Brawlers coming right up!
And now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Did time just stop?
And where exactly am I?
It's like I'm in a different dimension...
TRAVIS: Hey.. What the heck happened to your 'coach?'
CHRISTOPHER: S-She just disappeared!
Christopher!
TRAVIS: I bet she split 'cause she knew you'd lose!
CHRISTOPHER: But she wouldn't do that..
Too freaky...
Ha ha! Here..
TRAVIS: Don't worry, this won't take long!
Bakugan Brawl!
Darkus Warius Stand!
Oh no!
I'm doomed!
What am I supposed to do!
If I don't do something quick,
I'm going to lose again!
ALICE: Trust your instincts!
You can do this, Christopher!
But Alice...
Where are you?
I need you!
Just listen to me.. I know we can't see each other,
but imagine I'm right beside you!
CHRISTOPHER: But I need you here!
Listen carefully Christopher, understand?
What Bakugan is he using?
Travis threw down his Darkus Warius and according
to my Baku-Pod, it's at 350 G's.
ALICE: Good...
Hey kid, what's up?
It's your move!
Okay, he brought out his big gun to finish you off..
What you have to do now is trump his ace
before he knows what hit him.
CHRISTOPHER:So what'd I throw!?
Don't you worry.. There's plenty of things we can
use to stick a wrench into Travis's game plan.
But aahhh... you sure!
ALICE: First, pick a gate card and throw it down.
Then go with Limulus!
It's your best shot at beating him, Christopher!
Right...
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan.. Brawl!
Limulus Stand!
Limulus has entered battle at 310 G's.
Back at you!
Mantris Stand!
Mantris has entered battle at 340 G's.
Okay, listen very carefully..
Use your Dive Mirage Ability Card.
O-Okay.. I will..
Ability Activate!
Dive Mirage!
TRAVIS: Oh, gimme a break!
What'd ya doing running away!
Need.. help..
ALICE: Ignore him, Christopher!
ALICE: You're all set to battle!
Huh?
Are you sure!
ALICE: Remember..you have to play with confidence.
Just open your eyes and you'll see the strategy.
Travis's Bakugan are in a different field.
That means they won't be attacking you.
That gives you plenty of time to figure out an offensive
strategy and set up a trap against him!
Yeah, that makes perfect sense!
Boy, it's almost like you can see the battlefield!
ALICE: Now what you have to do is determine which of
Travis's Bakugan is weaker.
Well.. I'm pretty sure that it's his Mantris...
ALICE: Then go attack it!
Set your third card and go with Revive!
You got it!
Gate Card Set!
ALICE: I think you know what to do next!
Go get him, Christopher!
Right!
Bakugan Brawl!
Juggernoid Stand!
Ready or not, here I come!
Juggernoid has entered battle.
How am I doing so far?
ALICE: You're doing great!
This kid's been practicing!
But he's no match for me!
Bakugan Brawl!
Fear Ripper Stand!
Fear Ripper has entered battle.
Whoa, he's at 320 G's!
Hang tough.. Just wait until he activates his ability.
Ability Activate, Slash Zero!
My Slash Zero Ability just boosted my power by 80 G's!
Looks like you're behind the eight ball, kid!
You know what to do!
Gate Card Open!
Level Down!
You gotta be kidding me!
Level Down Ability decreasing Fear Ripper power by 100 G's.
That's impossible!
How could you have known how to counter my Slash Zero!
I did it!
I won!
Way to go, Christopher!
CHRISTOPHER: What's next, Alice!
You have to listen very carefully.. If you mess up,
it could mean the whole battle.
CHRISTOPHER: Oh boy, I don't know if
I can handle all this pressure...
Throw down your Robotallian at Mantris !
CHRISTOPHER: But Robotallian's Power Level is lower?
ALICE: Don't worry about that.
His card is a trap!
Remember, you have two Bakugan in play!
But Travis is down to just one!
And if you look at what's in your hand,
you've still got a Double Battle Card to play!
Oh yeah.. With my Double Battle Ability,
I can throw down another Bakugan anytime I want..
Awesome!
I know, and it also means
Travis is stuck playing one Bakugan!
That puts the odds at two against one..
And the odds are in your favor!
But watch out for Mantris!
Huh?
What's happening!
Time is moving again!
Something's wrong!
This has never happened before!
How can time start before a brawl is over!
What's going on, Alice!
ALICE: Listen to me!
You can do this!
You can win!
Believe in yourself!
That's all you have to remember!
CHRISTOPHER: Alice!
What's happening!
Don't go! Alice!
Oh no!
Now what do I do!
Not cool.. But she said to throw down my Robotallian..
okay..
Bakugan Brawl!
Robotallian Stand!
What's he doing!
Battle two commenced.
Confidence.. Gate Card Open!
Double Battle!
I can do this!
Oh, pretty tough using two Bakugan!
Not for long, kid!
Try this on for size!
Oh No! Limulus!
Ha ha.. Looks like I got you good, punk,
because with my Sling Blazer,
I can attack on any battle area!
Oh well, I guess I'm not as tough as I thought..
Warius wins. Power Level 720 G's.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.. You're down to one Bakugan twerp
and I'd say this battle is pretty much a done deal!
So let's say we end it here and.. now!
Ability Activate!
Slice Cutter!
Juggernoid Power Decrease of 50 G's.
Well, kid.. You ready to give up or what?
Ha, ha, ha...
CHRISTOPHER: What do I do?
I wish Alice was here!
ALICE: I am here, Christopher.
And remember what I said.
You have to believe in yourself.
It's not always about skill or brawn.
Confidence wins battles!
She's right.. I can do this...
And I will!
We've got work to do, Juggernoid!
JUGGERNOID: I'm with you!
Your confidence gives me strength!
Huh?
Whoa!
I-I didn't know you could talk!
You also didn't know that Bakugan feed off of
the emotions of their human masters.
Whoa, that's freaky!
I'm ready!
Gate Card Open!
Ability Activate!
Depth Tornado!
Ability has increased Juggernoid by 100 G's.
No other data available.
What the!?
Sic 'em, Juggernoid!
JUGGERNOID: You're mine, Mantri!
No! No way!
Yes way!
Robotallian!
Oh wow!
Somehow his Command Card let him bring back his Bakugan!
Your victory is the result
of your confidence in battle.
I commend you.
You have done well, my friend.
Thanks to you, I think I can win this!
Bakugan Brawl!
Christopher!
Ahh rats...
Alice?
Why in the world did you help me?
ALICE: That's easy..
When I first saw you, I knew you were special.
Even though you said you don't like Bakugan,
cause you don't like to lose.
You really didn't mean it.
You really love the game.
You're right...
Christopher!
Yeah?
What?
We've got.. to have another battle, kid...
You beat me big time.
Yeah sure.. But I won't go easy on you, ya understand?
You got it!
Way to go, Christopher.
Hey Alice, thanks for teaching me to look inside
myself for confidence.
My pleasure.
JUGGERNOID: And mine!
JUGGERNOID: You've learned your lesson well, my friend.
Hey, who ya talking to?
Not your Bakugan?
Well actually.. I am..
And you know what I learned is the most
important thing about Bakugan?
I almost forgot!
I just remembered the most important thing of my life!
Daniel! What is it!
Tell me!
Let's go, Drago!
Yes! My pudding!
Mom and dad remembered I was saving it!
DRAGO: Humans!
Oh no!
This is horrible!
I just realized something I should have realized
a long time ago!
What is it, Runo?
Well it's...
It's about the time all of us went to see that kid Joe in
the hospital and found out he wasn't spying
on the Brawlers for Masquerade.
You know what that means, Tigrerra!
It means that.. one of the Brawlers is a spy
and telling Masquerade.. everything!
A spy!
RUNO: Yes.. but who!
DAN:Okay, if Joe isn't the spy, then who's been yapping to
Masquerade about what the Brawlers are up to?
That's problem number one.
Number two...Shuji and Akira showed up with their little
sister who challenged us to a battle.
At first I figured it'd be a cake walk,
but let me put it this way, big surprises sometimes come
in small packages!
And you won't believe how this one turns out!
Trust me, you don't wanna miss this episode!
Boosted Dragon!
Bakugan Brawl!
See you there!